Chap1.
What is True? Computer Forensics deals with the process of finding evidence related to a digital crime to find the culprits and initate legal action

What is an objective of CF? Track and prosecute the perptrators in a court of law |  Identify, Gather, and preserve the evidence of a crime | | Interpret, document, and present evidence to be admissible during prosecution.

Forensic readiness? An organization ability to make optimal use of digital evidence in a limited time period and with minimal investigation costs. 

What is  an impact of cyber crime? Reputation damage, Theft of sensitive data, loss of trust from customers and stakeholders.

What is true of cybercrimes? Investigators with a warrant have the authority to serize the computing devices. 

What is true of civil crimes? The inital reporting of the evidence is generally informal. 

What is a user-created source for evidence? Address book.    What is not? Print spooler, Cookies, Log files. 

What is a computer-created source? SWAP file

What is not a location for evidence? Processor.     What is location for evidence? Smart Card, Digital Camera, Thumb drive.

Under which condition will duplicate evidence not suffice? When original evidence is in possesion of the originator. If you created the duplicate you need to give original evidence.
When will duplicate suffice? Original evidence destroyed in fire or flood, Orignal destroyed in normal business operations, orginal is in possession of third party. 

Which rule contains rulings on evidence? 103

Which of the following Rules of Evidence ensure that the truth may be ascertained and the proceeding justly determined? 102 unjustifiable expense and delay

Which of the following Rules of Evidence ensures courts follow proper proceedings? 101

Which of the following Rules of Evidence states the court shall restrict the evidence to its proper scope and instruct the jury accordingly? 105

Minimize the tanglible and intangible losses. 

Cybercrimes can be classified into the following two types based on the line of attack: Internal and External. 

Espionage, theft of intellectual property, manipulating of records, and Trojan horse attacks are examples of what? 
insider attacks or primary threats. 

External attacks occur when there are inadequate information-security policies and procedures. 

Which type of cases involve disputes between two parties? Civil.

A computer forensic examiner must not continue with the investigation if the examination is going beyond their skill level. 

Enterprise Theory of Investigation (ETI) Is what the FBI uses. 

Inceident Response addresses the occurence of any security breach. 

What is not a principle that a computer investigator must follow? Provide personal or prejudiced opinions. 
What is a principle a CFI must follow?  Act with utmost ethical and moral principles, ensure integrity, act with accordnance of laws

authenticating or identifying evidence comes under  which rule? 901

What required companies that offer financial products or services to protect customer information? GLBA - The Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act 

Health info? HIPPA

What is the act passed by congress to protect investors from the possibility of fraudulent accouting activities. SOX public traded companies and protects investors. 

Proprietary information stand for debit, credit, e-purse, ATM, POS cards? PCI DSS

Chap1
Chap2

What is role of an expert witness. To educate the jury and court.

Who is a legitimate issuer of a search warrant? A Judge

Under which of the following circumstanced has a cout of law allowed investigators to perform search without a warrant?
Delay in obtaining a warrant may lead to the desruction of evidence and hamper the investigation. 

Which of the following should be physcial location and structure design considerations for a forensics lab?
module 2 page 119

What should be a work area consideration for forensics labs?
module 2 page 119

Which of the following is not part of the Computer FOrensics Investigation methodology?
Testify as expert defendant.     What is part of Forensics Investigation Methodology: Data acquisition, Data Analysis, Testify as an Expert witness. 

Which is not part of Forensics methodology?  Evidence Destruction

Investigators can immediately take action after receiving a report of a security incident? Must obtain permission, warrant or court approval. 

Courts call knowledgeable persons to testify to the accuracy of the investigation process. These people who testify are known as the Expert Witness. 

Chain of custody is a critical document because it provides legal validation of appropriate evidence handling. True

What was launched by NIST establishes a methodology for testing computer forensics software tools by development of general tool specifications, test procedures, test criteria, test sets and test hardware. CFTTP Computer Forensics Tool Testing Project

What is not a measure a admin should do in a cyber attack? Immediately power down the system. 
Should do: Transfer logs to clean media, Record what is on screen, Document every detail. 

Written consent from the authority is sufficient to commence search and seizure. Direcctor can grant search and seizure ok. 

When computer is on what should investigator do? Take picture of the screen. 

Data duplication includes bit-by-bit copying of original data using software or hardware tools. True

Chap2
Chap3
What is not a digital data storage type? Quantum yet, but optical, magnetic and flash are.

Not a windows file system? EXT3, but FAT, FAT32 and NTFS are.

which number type refers to volme descriptor as primary? 1 Primary, 2 supplementary, 3 partition descriptor, 255 set terminator.

which logical drive holds the information regarding the data and files that are stored in the disk? Extended Partition. 

How large is the partition table structure that stores information about the partitions present on the disk? 64 Bytes.

How many bytes are used on the disk signature within MBR?  2 Bytes

In the GUID partition table which logical block contains the Partition entry array? LBA2, 
 LBA scheme replaces earlier schemes which exposed the physical details of the storage device to the software of the operating system

Which of the following desribes when the user restarts the system via the OS? Warm Booting.

Which OS system powers on and starts up using either the tradition method or the new UEFI-GPT?
Windows 8.

Which of the following basic partitioning tools displays about GPT partition tables in the windows OS. Diskpart


What stage of the Linux Boot Process inclused the task loading the Linux kernel and optional initial RAM disk?
Boot loader stage

What component of a typical FAT file system consists of data that the document framewrk uses to access the volumne?
Boot Sector

Which component of the NTFS architecture is a computer system file driver for NTFS?
NTFS.sys

What is the name of the abstract layer that resides on top of a complete file system, 
allows client application to access various file ssytems, and consists of a dispatching layer and numerous caches?
Virtual file system.

What information held by the superblock contains major and minor items that allow the mounting code to determine whether or not supported features are available
to the file system? Revision Level

Which file system used in Linux was developed by Stephen Tweedie in 2001 as a journaling file system that improved reliability of the system?
EXT3. Dugg EXT2 no journaling. No journaling not much forensics. 

How many bit values does HFS use to address allocation blocks? 16





